1.What are the common built-in data types in Python?
Immutable data types:
Number
String
Tuple
Mutable data types:
List
Dictionary
set

2.What are local variables and global variables in Python?
Local variable: Any variable declared inside a function is known as Local variable
Global Variable: Any variable declared outside the function is known as Global variable

3.What does [::-1] do?
[::-1] ,this is an example of slice notation and helps to reverse the sequence with the help of indexing

4.What are Python packages?
A Python package refers to the collection of different sub-packages and modules based on the similarities of the function.

5.What are decorators in Python?
In Python, decorators are necessary functions that help add functionality to an existing function without changing the structure of the function at all. These are represented by @decorator_name in Python and are called in a bottom-up format

6. How does break, continue, and pass work?
Python break: This statement helps terminate the loop or the statement and pass the control to the next statement.
Python continue: This statement helps force the execution of the next iteration when a specific condition meets, instead of terminating it.
Python pass: This statement helps write the code syntactically and wants to skip the execution. It is also considered a null operation as nothing happens when you execute the pass statement.

7.How to comment with multiple lines in Python?
To add a multiple lines comment in python, all the line should be prefixed by #.

8.What type of language is python? Programming or scripting?
Generally, Python is an all purpose Programming Language ,in addition to that Python is also Capable to perform scripting.

9.Explain split(), sub(), subn() methods of “re” module in Python?
split(): This method is used to split a given string into a list.
sub(): This method is used to find a substring where a regex pattern matches, and then it replaces the matched substring with a different string.
subn(): This method is similar to the sub() method, but it returns the new string, along with the number of replacements.

10.What is a map function in Python?
The map() function in Python has two parameters, function and iterable. The map() function takes a function as an argument and then applies that function to all the elements of an iterable, passed to it as another argument. It returns an object list of results.

11.What are the generators in python?
Generator refers to the function that returns an iterable set of items.

12.What are python iterators?
These are the certain objects that are easily traversed and iterated when needed.

13.Do we need to declare variables with data types in Python?
No. Python is a dynamically typed language, I.E., Python Interpreter automatically identifies the data type of a variable based on the type of value assigned to the variable.

14.Explain the use of the 'with' statement and its syntax?
In Python, using the ‘with’ statement, we can open a file and close it as soon as the block of code, where ‘with’ is used, exits. In this way, we can opt for not using the close() method.

15.Write a command to open the file c:\hello.txt for writing?
Command:
f= open(“hello.txt”, “wt”)

16.What does len() do?
len() is an inbuilt function used to calculate the length of sequences like list, python string, and array.

my _list=[1,2,3,4,5]
len(my_list)

17.What does *args and **kwargs mean?
.*args: It is used to pass multiple arguments in a function.
**kwargs: It is used to pass multiple keyworded arguments in a function in python.

18.How will you remove duplicate elements from a list?
To remove duplicate elements from the list we use the set() function.

Consider the below example:

demo_list=[5,4,4,6,8,12,12,1,5]
 unique_list = list(set(demo_list))
output:[1,5,6,8,12]

19.How can files be deleted in Python?
You need to import the OS Module and use os.remove() function for deleting a file in python.
consider the code below:

import os
os.remove("file_name.txt")

20.What is the lambda function in Python?
A lambda function is an anonymous function (a function that does not have a name) in Python. To define anonymous functions, we use the ‘lambda’ keyword instead of the ‘def’ keyword, hence the name ‘lambda function’. Lambda functions can have any number of arguments but only one statement.

